Fix an error in `MottonenStatePreparation` with `qml.math.cast` (#1400)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * Fixes bug where error: `expected scalar type float but found double` was raised when using 
>   `MottonenStatePreparation`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug by using `qml.math.cast` where differentiating the `MottonenStatePreparation` operation
  with interfaces raised an error.
```
